[Music] eye ​​eye
this has been very
hard eye this has been very
hard that we have not commented on it here I don't
know if they have commented on it on other channels
but we have not commented on it here
very strongly very ugly and very
sibylline okay the way of attacking
the way of attacking the daughter of Gloria
and José Antonio okay free of charge
very free of charge okay yes a peseta
land for each stranger
but no not even where they have to give if you
give 1000 likes now I put a photo it
leaves very compromising that nobody has
noticed I can only say that
I had her cell phone like that in five minutes
like like Pepa what photo what photo I visited
Pepa in the field would
n't you take a photo of me
like the one they took of Amador Amador Amador
is a programmer Pepa wouldn't you take
a photo of me like the one they took of
Amador no that
yes a peseta each Spaniard wants
but I didn't give where they have to give come
at 8 am we will be at the Zani and I
waiting for him to plow rolling with
laughter the one who says half that at 8 I will
be waiting  what are you up to, he
says at 8 we'll be waiting for the one you'll be
waiting for at 8 at 8 in the
morning right now at 8 in the morning
like the tiger of Santa Julia they say out
there Evelyn Pardo listen to me very
dirty and very sneaky family this attack
very dirty very dirty this attack I mean if they
call it harassment that Antonio Davis joins
with each member of the family that Rocío
Carrasco gets along badly what do we call it
that they haven't left a puppet headless to the
level that they've started
exposing and
messing with Gloria and Jose Antonio's daughter
because Antonio was in charge of her 'twitter' account
while she was on Big
Brother
okay I
mean
the girl is
young I mean she's super young this girl must be in her
twenties the age of Gloria
Camila and these people not the age of Gloria
Camila Rocío Flores and so on and they
start saying the
literal words of Paloma García
Pelayo
that Antonio David and this girl
had a secret relationship
what horrible
feet of doses was the girl wanted that
when you're keeping count for
someone
in fact here I have the screenshots that they
put in it
the screenshots that they put in the
documentary when you are keeping
the account for someone
you do not put yourself as Andy
this is that he wants it to be known what
reading of the account understands me
hashtag photo are things of a little girl
understands me you see everyone well I am the one you do
not know hahaha
and it is like these
are things of a little girl's upbringing okay but
here it comes it is that I do not know if you realize
this okay it is that I do not know if you realize
this but I have
experienced this with another case that has some
similarities with the case of Rocío
Carrasco okay I am not saying that it is the same
but it has some similarities in the
way of acting to make the
escrache okay because those of Rocío
Carrasco and Telecinco do Antonio
Davis to him his name is scratch okay it is
not that you want to accuse Antonio
David of being an abuser okay hey how
animated abuse hey that with me
Antonio had been like that at his house no you
what you want is to remove him from you what you
want is to remove him from the map  from the
television map of the map
that public opinion repudiates him okay
then it's not enough for you to
call him an abuser but you also
want to put things on top of each other they already did it with
Gloria Camila do you remember that they
did it with Gloria Camila that they also
insinuated Cantoral and with Gloria Camila he
had something well there he is insinuating something
for that girl
how the [ __ ] must this girl have made herself
bad in
case she has a relationship with Rocío
Flores and if Antonio Davis what might you
think is better or worse okay it seems
strange to me but oh well but if you have a
relationship it's normal for these things to happen it's
not the end of the world the girl hasn't
done anything wrong against Rocío Carrasco
[Music]